Please create an app that looks like and performs like the given image. The app is a virtual 
card sandbox that allows the user to load interactable (draggable) playing cards that can be 
moved between different zones. The zones are the field/battlefield, hand, library, graveyard, 
exile, and command zone. There are no explicit rules because this is not a game, but a 
simulation of cards in real life. All zones and cards are interactable and have their 
respective context menus. Please follow flutter clean architecture and conventions based 
on the files in the rules folder. Look at the example_directory_structure.mdc file for a 
basefile for what widgets may be necessary but adjust based on the clean architecture. If 
you need more images, check the @examples/ folder for more of what the app should look like.

15% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Change the X in the corner into an arrow that points in a circle and also make it ask the user 
for confirmation before resetting the board. If the board is reset, place all cards back into 
their original zone shuffled. Make it so that cards look visibly selected and are draggable 
between zones. Refer to @card-context-1.png ,@card-context-2.png, @card-context-3.png , and 
@card-context-4.png   for an example of what it looks like when selecting a card 
(it is highlighted), what a card's context menu should look like (three dots that appear after 
selecting the card, which let the user see the context menu for the card), and how cards in the 
library appear on the screen (the generic card back is shown). The context menu of a card 
depends on which zone it is currently in (have options that move the card to specific zones 
directly without the user dragging). Unless given the url of the image of the back of a card 
when importing it in (include another url field for the back when importing in case the user 
wants cards to have backs), assume that all cards have a generic back, which is just a white 
background with a thick black outline and text in the middle that says "CARD BACK, NO IMAGE". 
Tapping on the back of a card while it is in the library automatically draws the top card from 
the library zone into the hand zone. Make it so that when "Show Other Zones" is tapped, a mini 
popup with zones that the user can drag cards between appears, check @other-zones-context-menu.png 
for reference. Continue with clean architecture..

21% of 272K gpt5 tokens

The error image in red is what appears when I try tapping "Show Other Zones". The Library does 
not show that there is a card in the zone like in @initial-page.png , It should show the generic 
back of a card (a temporary placeholder for now). The error image in grey that is included is 
what appears when I attempt to move the card from my hand to the field, it doesn't work properly

24% of 272K gpt5 tokens

No errors appear when attempting to move cards between zones but it still does not work. 
Pressing "Show Other Zones" twice shows the error message included in the image. Also, the 
placeholder card shown should be below the library text like how @initial-page has it, what 
you have currently is to the side and very small

28% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Next day: 
Add a button labeled "load deck" to the left of the reset button at the top right of the 
app. Make it open to a menu where the user can load previously saved decks, or open a 
window to let the user load a deck from a folder of their choice. The folder contains 
all cards as image files, import those images as cards into the app and make sure the 
deck appears in the previously saved decks menu. Ensure that if the reset button is 
pressed, the user does not need to re-import the deck and the current deck is reset 
properly. Currently, the library zone is underneath the hand zone, I want it to be lined 
up to the hand zone but on the right side of the screen (check the included image for to 
see what I mean). Reduce the horizontal size of the hand zone if you must, to keep them 
on the same level. Additionally, the library should only show a card visually if there 
are cards in the library. Make a dotted outline around all zones that is slightly larger 
than the zone it encapsulates, that way users can tell if a zone is empty. Make sure to 
correct the library such that if it is empty, no cards/placeholder image is shown. Be 
sure to follow flutter clean architecture while implementing all of this (check the 
rules folder provided for reference).

16% of 272K gpt5 tokens

When using the context menu of a card in my hand to move it to the battlefield an error 
occurs which freezes the application, refer to the image I linked for the error. When 
drawing cards from the library into my hand, if the number of cards lined horizontally 
exceeds the visible size of the hand zone I can no longer see it. Make it so that 
instead, cards stack slightly on top of each other when adding more and more cards, 
effectively making it look like fanned out cards. Only fan when cards can no longer be 
lined up horizontally with full visiblilty. Additionally, since cards will be harder to 
read when they are fanned, have a large popup of the selected card appear above the 
battlefield, a preview of the card. Have the preview close if the user taps anywhere 
but the preview. Allow the user to pinch zoom the preview, but the zoom is limited to 
the zone, don't increase the card size on the screen.

23% of 272K gpt5 tokens

The preview works but I can't get it to close when tapping elsewhere. Fanning the cards 
almost works, however there doesn't seem to be a hard limit on the width hand zone, thus 
cards still end up not visible (going beyond the visible screen), though maybe that is an 
issue with the testing environment. Is there a way you can set the maximum width of the 
hand zone to be proportionate to the width of the window/application/device? It looks 
like its about 3/4th the width of the window (the last 1/4 looks like it would be the 
library zone). Also, can you make it so I can just drag the card into the battlefield. 
Make it so the user doesn't need to long press to select cards, just tapping does the 
preview. Then make it so cards can be dragged between zones (also without long pressing) 
and if the user's finger hovers above a zone before letting go of the drag, move the card 
to the proper place within the zone.

24% of 272K gpt5 tokens

The cards fan when adding, but still go past the hand zone/dotted boundary. Currently, 
they only rotate. They should also be overlapping more with every new card (I included 
in image that showed the cards tilting, but not overlapping). I provided another image 
of an error that occurs when I attempt to drag a card. Tapping outside of the preview 
still does not close it (if it helps, outside the preview should mean anything but the 
preview)

26% of 272K gpt5 tokens

The cards do fan and overlap now, but it should be based on the amount of space all 
the cards use in the zone. I provided a screenshot of the whole window. Currently 
adding more than 4 cards makes them overlap but there is a lot of empty space to the 
right of the cards. The hand should take up the whole zone, overlapping when needed 
to make it look better/more even. Additionally the app freezes up still when I attempt 
to drag the card from my hand to the battlefield

28% of 272K gpt5 tokens

When the hand is under 8 cards, or potentially when it is not fanned (it fans after 
7 cards), I get an error when trying to drag cards out from the hand zone. I included 
a screenshot of the error. Make the all the zones in the "Show Other Zones" button 
similar to library zone, except have the top most card facing up in the zone. I still 
cannot close the preview card by tapping anywhere.

33% of 272K gpt5 tokens

I drew 3 cards, then attempted to drag one from the hand zone. The error in the
included image appeared

34% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Dragging out from the hand zone works now, but I am not able to drag back into the 
hand zone, or even the library zone. Make it so that cards can be dragged back into 
the hand zone and allow the user to organize their hand (have the silhouette of the 
card show up where the card will be positioned when the user stops dragging). Also 
make it so that the top card of the library zone can be dragged out from there, 
instead of only allowing drawing from the library. When the user drags from the 
library, the dragged card should appear face up. When I attempt to tap to close 
the preview card I can see the tap feedback from where I click but the preview 
still does not close. Is it possible to instead create a preview when a card is 
clicked and then delete the preview when clicked elsewhere, instead of trying to 
close it? The included image shows a light grey circle expanding from the point I 
tapped (which is not on the preview card) so it does detect I am tapping elsewhere, 
but nothing else happens.

40% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Cards can move between the hand and library, but once on the battlefield they can't 
move back to other zones. The preview still stays and cannot close. Revert everything 
related closing the preview by tapping elsewhere, instead close it when tapping the 
preview. When the user does any action outside of tapping a card to select it, it 
should unselect the card (remove the outline). When the user attempts to order their 
hand, the ghost placeholder does not appear properly. I included two screenshots, 
one with 3 cards and one when trying to move the right most card. Upon dragging the 
card, the card directly to the left becomes invisible and it looks like the card is 
automatically moved to the far left.

47% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Nothing changed, still can't drag cards from the battlefield zone to either the hand 
or the library zones. It seems that cards go underneath the area if that makes sense. 
Also reordering still doesn't work and looks the exact same

50% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Ask Mode:

I think there is a fundamental problem with how the code is written. Can you make a 
sort of diagram that shows the relationships between each core feature of the app? 
We may need to change something on the lower level to make dragging possible from 
the battlefield to other zones. Theoretically the zones themselves should be similar 
to positional restrictions of the cards while everywhere else is free game

29% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Implement the changes needed to reach the solution we discussed.

33% of 272K gpt5 tokens

It seems there are two types of dragging that exist. Cards on the battlefield can 
be dragged immediately or longpressed to be dragged. When dragging immediately I 
can't place the card back in the hand zone. However when longpress dragging I can. 
Remove longpress dragging altogether and instead make it so regular dragging works 
like how longpress dragging is working

36% of 272K gpt5 tokens

Neither work. Also there is an error that popped up in the debug console

Still does not work. Tapping a card twice shouldn't toggle selection anyways, there 
should already be functionality where tapping twice rotates the card 90 degrees. Is 
there some single tap functionality hidden somewhere that is not being properly updated?

41% of 272K gpt5 tokens

After the preview appears the app freeze now

43% of 272K gpt5 tokens

It works now, but I want to adjust it a bit. Instead of having the preview show up on 
single tap, change it so that a long press is required. Keep card select on tap but make 
it so selection is removed if anything else is tapped.

44% of 272K gpt5 tokens

long press for preview works as intended but single tap does not remove selection even 
when tapping intended areas. Is there a way to make the selection get removed before any 
tapping or dragging?



There are some errors. Also, if there is a global clear I don't think there needs to be 
logic that clears on tap inside any of the field areas.

52% of 272K gpt5 tokens

# ran out of gpt5 tokens

debug console shows errors

selection still impossible to remove

a lot of errors show in the debug console

selection still cannot be removed by tapping anywhere. Can you take a look at the logic 
that selects the card in the first place. Maybe there is something of note that is the 
reason why we haven't been able to unselect cards. By the way, when I say unselect I 
mean highlight, I hope that we have been on the same page this whole time

it still doesn't work

it still does not work

It still does not work. Remove all code relating to deselecting the
highlight. Then remove all code related to selecting/highlighting a card.
Lets try to backtrack and see if there was something we did along the
way that made it not possible

There seems to be many errors in the debug console. I included an image 
of a few

some more problems

lets fix some problems in the card widget. Since we removed selection we
should get rid of the options that required selection as well, so anything
that is no longer referenced.

I don't believe any changes were done

model change: claude 4

There is no visible change in the application

Can you make the visible card back in the library zone the same size as 
the cards in the hand zone (currently the card image in the library zone 
looks smaller). Also make it so cards can be dragged out from the library. 
Have it be the top card and be dragged face up in the proper orientation.

I have some changes I want regarding "tapped" or rotated cards. Currently 
you can rotate cards in the hand zone. When playing card games it is unlikely 
that the player wants to rotate a card in their hand, make it so cards in the 
hand zone are forced to be in the proper orientation (portrait). Also, rotated 
cards that are put back into the library will remain rotated if drawn or dragged 
out. Make it so that all cards that leave the library zone default to the proper 
orientation (portrait). Make it so that all cards that leave the library zone 
default to the proper orientation (portrait). Also I took a screenshot of what 
it looks like in the library zone when there are no cards. Can you put the library 
label at the top left of the zone so it looks consistent with the hand zone.

There's text saying library empty when a deck is not loaded, can you remove that?

I get an overflow indicator when I load the deck, I included a screenshot

77% of 200K claude 4 tokens

Rotated cards placed in the library zone appear rotated when dragged out until they 
are placed. Instead of having cards leave in portrait mode, force cards placed into 
the library into portrait so that they appear in portrait mode when dragged out. Also 
rotated cards dragged into the hand stay rotated in the hand. Make it force portrait 
if a card goes into the hand. Actually, is there an easy way to make it so any card 
entering any zone gets forced into portrait mode? That way I don't need to test for 
those cases anymore

78% of 200K claude 4 tokens

Can you make the hand and library zone slightly bigger, then in the hand zone add a 
horizontal slider bar beneath the cards for faster scrolling. Also, currently dragging 
a card snaps it to a specific spot under where the drag is currently at (finger spot). 
Can we make it so the card doesn't snap weirdly like that when dragging? The best example 
I can give is that the top left of the card always snaps to the spot I drag at, I don't 
want any snapping, the card just moves when i drag it

17% of 200K claude 4 tokens

I don't see a scroll bar, the screenshot shows what it looks like currently. Overflowed 
cards go past the hand zone but a scroll bar is not at the bottom for easy movement. 
Also Can you make it so the card shown in the library zone lines up with the cards in 
the hand zone (its slightly down shifted currently)

seems there is a problem, check screenshot

27% of 200K claude 4 tokens

The scroll bar is still not there and now the alignment is slightly off. In the 
screenshot I provided, when moving manually sorting cards in the hand zone the shadaow 
card is much longer than the actual card (seems like it trys to use up all the remaining 
space in the zone). Additionally, the library zone card image is offset now for some reason


that fixed the vertical alignment, now we need to make it horizontally in the middle 

36% of 200K claude 4 tokens

Refer to screenshot, notice that the ghost card outline under the card I am moving is 
larger than the card itself. Why is that? Does the ghost card not have a hard limit 
and instead use the rest of the height in the zone?

37% of 200K claude 4 tokens

the height still goes all the way down (screenshot included)

39% of 200K claude 4 tokens

the scroll bar broke

47% of 200K claude 4 tokens

the light grey background that indicates where the scroll bar can go, can we round those 
ends at all?

48% of 200K claude 4 tokens

The scroll bar appears to be broken again. Either the background or the slider is not appearing

54% of 200K claude 4 tokens

works great. dragging cards in the hand zone has a slightly large detection box vertically. 
I can drag a card from slightly below it (not actually touching the card) and sometimes it 
messes with being able to use the scroll bar. Can we get it to be exactly the card dimensions?

59% of 200K claude 4 tokens

I can still tap and drag from below the card at around half way to the scroll bar in the hand zone

61% of 200K claude 4 tokens

